Job Overview

With AI / ML gaining stronghold in improving human lives, we have opportunities wherein good AI/ML experienced engineers can contribute to building a more improved life experience.
Looking for ambitious, achievement-oriented technocrats with strong work experience in AI/ML related tools & technologies.


Experience:

3 – 8 years of experience in AI/ML technologies more focused on image processing


Skills & Competencies:

Python, PyTorch
TensorFlow
Deep Learning
AI/ML


Required Skills & Qualifications:

B.Tech/B.E/M.Tech/M.E in Computer Science stream preferred.
Strong proficiency in TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Python
Deep understanding of GPU, CPU and AI Accelerator architectures, with hands-on experience in performance tuning for ML workloads.
Experience / Exposure to AI based solutions for Cameras/OpenCV in Android Environment.
Ability to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, with excellent communication and teamwork skills.
Strong understanding of Deep Learning


Data Scientist Responsibilities

Undertaking data collection, preprocessing and analysis
Building models to address business problems
Presenting information using data visualization techniques
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions
Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modelling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.
Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy










enter jd 

enter resume

parse resume

find ats score based on resume and jd

give suggestions to improve ats

based on suggestions rewrite the new_resume.

prepare questions related to jd (in context with experience) one by one with websearch

find the answers, prepare the answer for the question you have asked by yourself and from web


